hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be showing you my morning routine so I
usually wake up between 6:30 and 7:00
o'clock sometimes I will wake up late
today depending on what time I went to
bed the night before I get up to turn
off my alarm I use the abalone and to
turn off my alarm I have to scan the
barcode on the back of this book and I
open patterns and I love to you open a
window as soon as I wake up so I can get
some fresh air so next I will head to
the bathroom and I will just wash my
face with some cold water some mornings
I will have a cold shower it just
depends on my need
[Music]
next I will brush my teeth and whilst
I'm brushing my teeth faster rule I will
go and open up the shutters for the rest
of the time I will read at the moment I
am reading the book in therapy by Susy
it all back which is pretty good I love
to read when brushing my teeth I know
some people think it's strange but I
just really enjoy it back in my room I
will make my bed and also choose my
outfit for the day ahead
then I will put on some Sun cream I put
on fact if if do some cream because my
cheeks are quite sensitive and they do
burn very easily I also put on some eye
cream and also some lip scrub I put on a
little bit of makeup and I love wearing
these generation 2 lipsticks from
glossier then I will brush my hair out
[Music]
I also love to put in these big hair
clips in the morning today I was wearing
some pearl ones
[Music]
and then after that I will head over to
my desk and I love to start the mornings
by writing a letter
I love letter writing I think it's such
a beautiful act it's fantastic it's like
journaling so it's really meditative but
also you're able to connect with someone
that you really love and appreciate and
let them know that you are thinking of
them so today I was writing a letter to
you my friends Sasha and Blakeney
basically we have this system whereby we
are sending the letters round between
the three of us so I will write this
letter and send all of them to Blakeney
and then she will add one and send that
to Sasha and so on and it's a really
good fun next in the morning I always go
through my ideas book this is basically
a book where I keep track of all of my
goals and priorities and ideas and
personal reflections and every morning I
add to my list of goals and ideas and I
read through my list and I just
encourage myself to really think
critically about my future then I will
go let the dogs out
and now it is time to go and do my
morning stretch
[Music]
I festival will drink a bottle of water
because I think it's important to
hydrate in the morning then I will do my
ankle exercises and I will do a full
body stretch
[Music]
after that I had inside and I make
breakfast vaguely I've been making an
ice cream for my parents in me every
morning I just leave the bananas to
defrost whilst I make my matcha latte
I put the match with your sip to get rid
of any clumps then I add some boiling
water and I whisk it up with my match
list then I just add some ice and oat
milk along with some maple syrup to a
mason jar I pour in the merger and the
my starter pistol and this is so
delicious is one of the highlights of my
morning then I will go and make the nice
cream it's literally just frozen bananas
put in a blender with some almond milk I
love making a tropical one so I will add
some pineapple as well but there are so
many variations that you can add
today I added some blue spirulina
because I love making it look blue it's
so aesthetic and beautiful as I said I
will make this for both of my parents in
me and my dad and I will sit outside
usually and we will sit outside together
[Music]
then I go back to my room I do some
power poses because I love starting with
a power poses they release the gentleman
and they just make you feel like you can
take on the day
next I go on my computer and I will do
some writing I love to do writing every
morning today I wasn't actually writing
I was writing up that's the hammer it in
chapters from my book because I recently
finished it then I go and check my
emails and I only spend about 10-15
minutes doing this in the mornings then
today I hadn't quite finished the letter
that I wanted to send out and I was
going to send out this morning
[Music]
another thing that I tried to do every
morning I don't do it every single
morning but I do it some mornings I have
this list of academic resources I would
like to go through and research and read
things that I'm interested in and so in
the morning I tried to go through one of
these I probably end up doing this two
or three times a week not every single
day and after that I will go on a dog
walk or a run so I will just put Lola on
the lead her harness and I will run to
the post box to post my letter so thank
you so much for watching today's video
I hope that you enjoyed this morning
routine and I hope that you have a
productive life
[Music]